1. Does the code conform to the coding standards/guidelines ?	
2. Does the code work? Does it perform its intended function, the logic is correct etc.	
3. Is the code written as modular as possible?	
4. Is the global variables handled properly ?	
5. Is there any commented code?	
6. Do loops have a set length and correct termination conditions?	
7. Do the names used in the functions/methods/class/variables convey the intent ?	
8. Are there any unused variables & functions?	
9. Is the code at the right abstraction level?	
10. Is the code handled in such a way that any inputs or external events could not break the code ?	
11. Is the code written considering all the depending modules and there are no impacts ?
12. Are there any obvious optimizations that will improve performance?	
13. Can any of the code be replaced with library or built-in functions?	
14. Can any logging or debugging code be removed?	
15. If working on Bug or Change Request, does this code change will impact system performance ?	
16. Does the code capable enough to handle future scalability ? 	
17. Does the code written in such a way it can handle speedy responses and avoid delays ?	
18. Do comments exist and describe the intent of the code?	
19. Are all functions commented?	
20. Is any unusual behavior or edge-case handling described?	
21. Are the use and function of third-party libraries documented?	
22. Is there any incomplete code? If so, should it be removed or flagged with a suitable marker?	
23. Are all data inputs checked (for the correct type, length, format, and range) and encoded?	
24. Wherever third-party utilities are used, are returning errors being caught?	
25. Are output values checked and encoded?	
26. Are invalid parameter values handled?	
27. Are the Authorization, Authentication and Data validation mechanisms are implemented wherever customer data and critical data are used?	
28. Are the Data Confidentiality taken care?	
29. Are there any indirect object references?	
30. Is the code testable? The code should be structured so that it doesn’t add too many or hide dependencies, is unable to initialize objects, test frameworks can use methods etc.	
31. Do tests exist, and are they comprehensive?	
32. Do unit tests actually test that the code is performing the intended functionality?	
33. Could any test code be replaced with the use of an existing API?	
34. Is the Code coverage is 100% as per the unit test report ?			
Review Error Handling				
35. Are errors properly handled each time the function returns ?	
36. Are errors messages conveying what exactly is the error that has occurred ?	
37. Are resources and memory released in all error paths ?		